hi guys if you're watching this this is
Huntress jumper and I've drawn the
simple cartoon animals you're cute too
um fun to draw I want to thank because
of her drawing Torian tells so I'm just
going to show you the peace first of all
this is a puppy he's a border collie my
aunt has a border collie white and black
I'll call that soon that's the first one
second one is the Griffin I like that
very much third one is the pony or her
horse I don't know mike is pretty cute
and I'm thankful to be journals this is
my first one when I drew and it got me
inspired a little more to draw more and
I have a lot of pages of them and I'm
going to keep drawing them and that will
be great for my scales of arts this is
the tiger I didn't draw that good I
think it's my second worst I think so
this is the best drawing here that I did
it's a line and I love love love lions
and wolves this is my kitty I
representative I'm gonna draw it as my
real cat Ripley oh I'll tell you tale
Ripley believer not my cat he came back
from dying so I love him very much this
is the dragon it's probably the worst
one I did but I don't really care and I
did this one it's kind of like the drunk
how to draw a simple rose and the
hummingbird I did by myself and it's for
my friend Sofia at doing her project on
hummingbirds I'm doing mine on wolves if
you probably saw the last
one of my videos this was the 1i
presented it's a wolf so I just thought
of drawing this for my best friend and I
think she'll like it for a project
thanks so bye